feat: proxy support for web-connections (#5038)
transmission/transmission: docs/Editing-Configuration-Files.md

 * **pex-enabled:** Boolean (default =  true) Enable [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peer_exchange Peer Exchange (PEX)].
 * **pidfile:** String Path to file in which daemon PID will be stored (transmission-daemon only)
 * **prefetch-enabled:** Boolean (default = true). When enabled, Transmission will hint to the OS which piece data it's about to read from disk in order to satisfy requests from peers. On Linux, this is done by passing `POSIX_FADV_WILLNEED` to [posix_fadvise()](https://www.kernel.org/doc/man-pages/online/pages/man2/posix_fadvise.2.html). On macOS, this is done by passing `F_RDADVISE` to [fcntl()](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/System/Conceptual/ManPages_iPhoneOS/man2/fcntl.2.html).

>  * **proxy-url:** String (default = "") Proxy to use for the upcoming web-requests (for example, requests to tracker). Format `[scheme]://[host]:[port]`, where `scheme` is one of: `http`, `https`, `socks4`, `socks4h`, `socks5`, `socks5h`. If setting are not specified or equal "" then proxy will not pass to CURL. For more information see [curl proxy documentation](https://curl.se/libcurl/c/CURLOPT_PROXY.html)

Reviewer: I'm not involved in Transmission dev, just a user looking at this out of curiosity.

I have a small wording suggestion:
```suggestion
 * **proxy-url:** String (default = "") Proxy for HTTP(S) requests (for example, requests to tracker). Format `[scheme]://[host]:[port]`, where `scheme` is one of: `http`, `https`, `socks4`, `socks4h`, `socks5`, `socks5h`. If unspecified, or empty, no proxy is used. For more information see [curl proxy documentation](https://curl.se/libcurl/c/CURLOPT_PROXY.html)
```

Author: Thank you very much. English is not my native language, your version like me more.

 * **message-level:** Number (0 = None, 1 = Critical, 2 = Error, 3 = Warn, 4 = Info, 5 = Debug, 6 = Trace; default = 4) Set verbosity of Transmission's log messages.
 * **pex-enabled:** Boolean (default = true) Enable [Peer Exchange (PEX)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peer_exchange).
 * **pidfile:** String Path to file in which daemon PID will be stored (_transmission-daemon only_)

>  * **proxy-url:** String (default = "") Proxy for HTTP(S) requests (for example, requests to tracker). Format `[scheme]://[host]:[port]`, where `scheme` is one of: `http`, `https`, `socks4`, `socks4h`, `socks5`, `socks5h`. If unspecified, or empty, no proxy is used. For more information see [curl proxy documentation](https://curl.se/libcurl/c/CURLOPT_PROXY.html)

Reviewer 2: ditto
